How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
It helps by pointing out the lines that have been changed so we don't have to read the full document and try to find a minor error, this can be overwhelmig and confusing. It is much better to have just the differences pointed out.
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
In a long term rollbacks are common, so we have to be prepared in case some changes affect all the software solution, then, we have to know what changes were made and roll them one by one to see which one affected the system.
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
One of the pros might be that you have control over which parts are commited in order of importance, so if you think a part can be divided and has to be commited, you can do it, which cannot be done with automatic savings, with that method you d onot know which specific commit to look for changes, you have to rely on the hour you were doing the changes.
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
As Git is more focused for programmers, it is a good idea that it saves all files involved in the program as a batch, because then you have control over the changes and how was every file when commits were made, it will help also on the version sequence.
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
type git log to see the history of the changes on the files and locate the change ID, then use git diff to check the changes made between the previous file and the next file.
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Using versions help to keep track of changes and if something goes wrong, it can always be reverted, also helps find the latest working version fater, and to locate the error faster.
I had to make some change to make a commit.